Fix OP Google Cloud Storage instructions (#28092)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/configure_log_archive/google_cloud_storage/instructions.en.md

1. Do not add a retention policy because the most recent data needs to be rewritten in some rare cases (typically a timeout case).
1. Click **Create**.

### Create a service account to allow Workers to write to the bucket

1. Create a Google Cloud Storage [service account][9092].
    - Grant the Service Account permissions to your bucket with `Storage Admin` and `Storage Object Admin` permissions.

>     - Download the JSON service account key file. This is the credentials JSON file and must be placed under `DD_OP_DATA_DIR/config`. You will reference this file when you set up the [Google Cloud Storage destination](#set-up-the-destinations) in the pipeline UI.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Download the JSON service account key file. This is the credentials JSON file and must be placed under `DD_OP_DATA_DIR/config`. You reference this file when you set up the [Google Cloud Storage destination](#set-up-the-destinations) in the pipeline UI later on.
```
